---
title: HTML 1
layout: post
author: william.grief-king
permalink: /html-1/
source-id: 1zZxQiK612ufGoi14uAJFYH-XbLkz0_8HLilTl3L_ocE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>HTML Blog 01</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>12/07/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finished the Python course and am starting the HTML course.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this Lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete some of the new course.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As this was my first lesson on this new topic, I had to try out different techniques. My work ethic did still stay the same, though, so not much had to change. The teacher had said that HTML was slightly harder than python, although I have not found that to be the case. I do prefer HTML, it is quite a bit easier at this stage. I have done 33% of the course, as there are three bits in the course. Each bit contains 15 parts. I learnt by just following the instructions, the rest was extremely self-explanatory. Just reading the instructions was a good technique.  <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/125J1Hwhq6ubJDbkAIBTjeiFldK7zBT_2/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning was how inexperienced I was with HTML, so that should go away after I've done some more on the topic. There isn’t really a habit that I need to work on at this extremely early stage, I have not yet had time to identify a habit to work on. But if I had to say one thing, I could have done more work in the lesson. I don’t think that I managed to achieve the most amount of work possible, because I was walking around helping everybody who needed help putting images into their blogs, showing them how to do it. I personally think that this is OK, as I have already finished the main course (Python) and am on the extension (HTML).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that I will change for next time is that I will (hopefully) do more work than this lesson, as most people now know how to put images into their blogs, so I can now stay put and do my own work in my own time. I personally believe that this will, in turn, allow me to improve my learning. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


