---
title: Y9B4
layout: post
author: william.grief-king
permalink: /y9b4/
source-id: 1b7InnTAxOysEEEDvBykcgfWSpCTpkp4mM096S0fEJlI
published: true
---
`

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fourth Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Had three lesson on spreadsheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this Lesson?</td>
    <td>Work on more code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> I learnt by following the teacher's instructions but also just inputting the code that I saw fit to use. This allowed me to continue with my Caesar code (which is pretty much finished now) and it allowed me to continue with the lesson. Hopefully next week I can completely finish it off. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning was the fact that I didn’t really understand a couple of subjects so I had to ask the teacher for help which slowed me down slightly. The only habit that I need to work on is starting the lesson slowly. I generally start off quite slowly but gather pace. I need to be working fast the whole lesson. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that I will change for next time is the speed at which I start the lesson. I hope to be able to get the lesson off to a very quick start and complete all the work necessary. I also hope to be able to finish off my Caesar code, and this will help as I can move onto harder things afterwards. This will (in the long run) improve my learning.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


