---
title: Y9B2
layout: post
author: william.grief-king
permalink: /y9b2/
source-id: 1MLXrxr77YP8KEG5Kig8x2_8Q92bPmbnlI7HnDKs1bTI
published: true
---
`

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Second Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Had one lesson on spreadsheets
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this Lesson?</td>
    <td>Figure out how to complete the Caesar Code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> I learnt by simply listening to the teacher and inputting the code when and where I was supposed to. This was a very effective strategy, as the teacher showed us the correct way to create this certain piece of code. I successfully almost finished my Caesar Code today, I have it working and all that, but I just need to get the N/As to disappear when there is no letter. We were told how to do this in the lesson, but I didn't have enough time to fill it into the sheet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning today was the minor distractions from other members in the class, however these did not really interfere with my learning. I need to work on working faster in the time that we are allowed to work on our own sheet. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that I will change for next time is that I will work faster in order to complete as much of the work as possible. This will improve my learning, as it means we can move onto other, harder things more quickly. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


